From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 96, three courted
live Thursday, December 8th, 2011. Support for
Hansel minutes and is provided
by Telerik rad controls. The
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forums and asp.net
web applications online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this
episode of the framework series,
Scott talks with Steve Smith
from nimble pros about anti-patterns.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes, and we're continuing
the framework series today. We're
going to be talking to
Steve Smith from nimble pros.
How's it going, Steve? Hey
Scott, it's going real well.
How are you? Very, very
well. And I wanted to
thank you for the lovely
gift. You sent me in
the mail, the software craftsmanship,
2012 anti-patterns calendar. You've been
so kind to send me
this calendar. I think now
has it been three years
running This the second year?
Actually we did the first
one in 2011, Huh? And
this year it's anti-patterns and
Lee, what was last year's
theme Last year was the
opposite. It was sort of
a best practices, you know,
principles that you should follow
this year. We just kind
of turned that on its
head. Exactly. And this is
why I wanted to have
you on the show because
patterns are fun, but anti-fat
anti-patterns patterns are lots of
fun. So I thought we
would talk about some of
these anti-patterns and ones that
people might not be familiar
with and what they mean
to, to the dotnet program
or the programmers in general.
And any thoughts we have
about when you're creating any
kind of a framework. Cause
I know I've worked on,
on STKs for the companies
that I've worked for and
I've worked on software frameworks
that are consumed by other
people and what are some,
some best practices. And of
course, an anti best practices
that people need to deal
with looking at the calendar
here, the iceberg class, and
there's a giant picture of
an iceberg. What is the
iceberg class? So the iceberg
class is an idea that
Michael feathers blogged about a
few years ago. And I
don't think very many people
have heard of it. And
that's one of the reasons
why I wanted to include
it in the calendar for
this coming year. Basically he's
got a blog post where
he talks about it and
he notes that, you know,
a lot of people think
that encapsulation in object oriented
programming means that you should
hide as much functionality as
possible in your class. And
that means maybe you should
have just one or two
public methods and 15 or
20 private methods. So he
he's questioning, you know, whether
or not that's good. And,
and the idea is that
your class, then it's like
an iceberg with only the
tip of the functionality visible.
Yeah, that's a really good
point. I know that there
have been times in.net and
the base class libraries and
parts of.net that I wished
were not hidden. You know?
I mean, how many times
have we opened up reflector
and said, Oh, that's perfect.
Oh, it's not virtual or,
Oh, that's perfect. But it's
marked private. Is that an
example of an iceberg class?
Yeah, exactly. And in the
diamond framework, there are just
tons of those that people
I think love to complain
about. And then in practice
you can still achieve encapsulation
by having another class that
does the work and then
just, you know, including they're
referencing that class, but in
this other class that's actually
doing the work. It will
now have a public interface.
And you know, ideally it's
set up in such a
way that if you're consuming
a framework, you could swap
out that class with one
of your own, or you
could choose to use that
class if you needed that
functionality yourself. Hi there, code
like this, where, where we
taught to, or was there
some way about the way
we were taught software in
the nineties that made people
intuitively want to hide things?
I mean, I remember being
told, you know, don't make
things public if you don't
want to support them. Right.
And I remember learning in
a, basically an encapsulation class
in my comp side degree,
that hiding stuff that, you
know, the user didn't need
to know about was always
a good thing. And I
think for frameworks, there's a,
there's a notion of a
surface area that they want
to support that that comes
into play from both a
security standpoint, perhaps, and also
just from a, you know,
limit the number of things
that might change would break
other people's code. Cause if
I use reflector to you
get to some private method
in the.net framework and it
breaks and I complained to
Microsoft, they're going to say
shame on me. They're not
going to say that they
support the private functionality. Right?
Exactly. So there's plausible deniability
with an iceberg. So when
it hits your iceberg, you're
like, Hey man, now I
only saw the top part
That's right. The Titanic wasn't
the icebergs fault. Right? That's
a good point. That's a
good point. It was the
designer of the iceberg, apparently
February designed by committee designed
by committee. I know that
I've spent a lot of
time with a lot of
smart people in a room
and come up with frameworks
and ideas. And I've had
as many smart people as
I could put into a
room, thinking that if you
have a bunch of smart
people and you add them
all up, they may equal
a smarter person, but inevitably
that's not the case. Yeah.
The biggest problem I think
with designed by committee is
you end up with a
compromise solution that tries to
please everyone and ends up
with oftentimes something that doesn't
please anyone and you can
have, you know, you certainly
can get value by, by
running things through a committee
and having meetings and stuff
to generate ideas and things.
But at the end of
the day, it's best. If
you've got some strong leadership
or strong vision that that
says, you know, here is
what this product does, here's
the persona that we're trying
to, to serve the needs
of and make sure your
API or your product fits
those needs very, very closely.
I, I often think when
I see this particular this
month picture, I think of
that video that went around
a few years ago on
a YouTube of what if
Microsoft designed the iPad iPod
box? Have you seen that
video? Yeah. Yeah. It's this
great video is actually, it
was a real internal videos
done for education and it
took part the original iPod
box and said, we'll hear
that Mike, the Microsoft things
that we value and you
know, how Microsoft hardware boxes
and software boxes have badges
and awards and extra information
and Pete, you know, flip
out pages and by the
end of it, they developed
a box that looked exactly
like the kind of box
you'd see, on the older
kind of the nineties versions
of the Microsoft keyboard or
the Microsoft mouse. I mean,
they really captured the essence
of it, but it was
absolutely an example of design
by committee. A bunch of
people said, Oh, we need
this. And what about that?
And what about this checkbox?
And by the time it
was over, it looked like
a Jackson Pollock painting. Exactly.
And that happens with your,
your products and your API
too, if you're not careful.
And I think a lot
of really successful companies do
a good job of keeping
a really tight focus on
what the problem is they're
trying to solve. And they
don't let themselves get distracted
with, well, what if we
had this? And wouldn't it
be cool if we had
that, It's such a difficult
balance though, such a difficult
balance. I mean, if the
committee is a couple people
share, but I know that
after five or 10 folks,
it ends up being a
mess, but at the same
time to design in a,
an ivory tower and assume
that, you know, what people
need is also anti-pattern. Oh,
certainly I think one of
the things that you definitely
need a is early feedback
from real users. And I
think, you know, a lot
of startups and things these
days are releasing way earlier
than they ever would have
10 years ago. And I
think that helps a lot.
Oh, wait, it's almost a
design by crowdsourcing or design
by iteration with what's being
done now. Yeah. So reinventing
the wheel, reinventing the wheel.
This is the not invented
here. Anti-pattern isn't it? Yeah,
exactly. The, you know, a
lot of organizations don't trust
anything that, that they didn't
build themselves or they always
believe they can build it
better. And so, you know,
just reinventing the wheel is
a super common anti-pattern, you
know, everybody wants to write
their own logging framework or
their own, you know, way
to do authentication, used to
be a huge one. Although
a lot of people now
are, are using open ID
or open authentication or, or
the asp.net membership system. But
it used to be every
project he worked on. The
first thing you did was
okay, well we need a
login page. Let's build a
membership system. All right, great.
Now let's build a logging
framework for it. But I'm
wondering though that aren't there
more complicated things in play.
I've been, I've been talking
a company recently about some
of the different things that
they need and they, you
know, they, they describe what
they want. And it's almost
exactly like your picture here.
You've got like, they're crossing
out roller axial, rotator ultimate
edition spinner for movement professionals.
These are all just funny,
you know, different synonyms for
the wheel. The company that
I've been talking to will
say, well, you know, we
need this, you know, this
messaging system by which we
could publish and subscribe that.
And it's like, Oh, you
need a service bus. Yeah,
I guess so are there
any, are there any of
those, and then I'll, I'll
bring out a service bus
or an opensource service bus,
maybe like answer as bus.
And I'll say, you should
use that and say, well,
it's not made by Microsoft
and it's not made by
us. So we don't really
want to do that. And
it's a, there's a fear
of open source, but there's
also a, this is a
new one for me, a
fear of using a product
that they'll have to justify
if, and when someone buys
them, I have heard that
exact same thing. And I've
heard concern with, with certain
clients about, well, if we
get bought, we'll have to
be able to show that
we have a good license
for this. And I don't
know about the license for
this open source product or,
or, you know, whatever know
there's IP issues related to
that. And it just seems
to me like, that's, that's
another anti-pattern of Gagne. You
know, you're not going to
need it where you're worrying
about the possible future of
an acquisition. And you know,
what, if somebody is going
to acquire you, they're going
to acquire you, not because
of your service post implementation.
And it's not going to
break the deal. If you
happen to use a particular
service bus versus another one,
like, Oh my God, you
use lots for net. The
deal's off. We can't buy
it for $10 million. Yeah. But
there's, I've also heard concern
about people hosting open source.
So the, the, the fear,
it goes all the way
downhill. So you sell a
product rather than running it
as a service. And then
they're saying, well, I've never
used opensource before we're going
to be installing it in
our data center. What does
it mean that we've brought
this little, this little outbreak
monkey into our, our data
center now that this DLL
from an unknown source is
here and I've had this
issue at banks. I mean,
having to do very detailed
security analysis, which is an
important part of, of any
software system, particularly when it's
being used in financial transactions.
There's the sense that, you
know, things like new get
or gems make it really,
really easy to just reach
out into the world and
pull up functionality of unknown
origin. You know, wheels from
people who've invented it before,
but we don't know those
people and then integrate them
into our systems without even
telling a boss. There was
concern about engineers implementing new
features and using opensource software
without mentioning it to the
bosses and giving them an
opportunity to even know that
it was, it was there.
Well, I think that's a
valid concern in some organizations.
I mean, if you're in
the banking industry or you're
dealing with, you know, life
and death and things like
that, if you're not selling
widgets at a small store
or building an internal, I
mean, there's, there's different levels
of risk. Right? What you
were just saying, it reminds
me, have you read Russinovich
his book zero day? Yeah,
it's on my Kindle. So
one of the premises of
that is that, you know,
people release viruses just into
the wild, but the viruses
on a particular system are
programmed to do something. And
I could totally imagine somebody,
you know, releasing something into
you, get that org as
a, as an open source
project that got popular, but
it was, you know, insidiously
said, well, if I happen
to be running it, this
particular bank, you know, do
something nefarious. And if somebody
doesn't, you know, go through
that DLL and look for
that exact code, it's going
to be really hard to
find. So I could see
if you were a bank
that you'd want to have
a higher bar for vetting,
that, that kind of thing.
But I think by and
large, you know, I don't
know that that's ever been
done. You know, maybe I'm
giving somebody an idea now.
And if so, maybe I'm
giving the good guys ideas
to fix things. But I
think that would be a
valid concern in, in high
security environments. But in most
typical, I don't know that
it's worrying too much. I
think, I think that everyone's
had that idea that it
could be done. I mean,
PowerShell it's, you know, and
everyone goes and opens up
PowerShell and then immediately allows
it to run scripts. So,
you know, is PowerShell a
virus delivery system? Well, no,
no more than a batch
file. Right? I mean, if
I, I could certainly send
you a batch file and
tell you to run it
and there'd be various things
that you could in fact
turn off. Right. I mean,
safety's are there for a
reason, but that's why hopefully
if someone puts something evil
into a repository, like nougat
or gems, the community would
find that and spit it
out. But yeah, I'm sure
that one day it will
happen and then everything will
change, but certainly not invented
here is still an anti-pattern.
We should be open to,
to using software that we
didn't write, especially when that
software is not our, not
our expertise. Yeah, exactly. And
I think that's, that's another
key point is if, if
you have a business in
which you have a competitive
advantage, you know, something you
do, that's unique to your
business. That is one of
the things you definitely don't
want to outsource. But if
you have things that totally
aren't, you know, your, your
value add, then there's no
reason why you should spend
your time and your energy
on that. If there's someone
else out there that that's
all they do and they
do it better than you
do Exactly. You're next you're
next month here has a
death March. And this is
a bunch of people basically
like lemmings walking off a
cliff, are these your employees?
Or do I recognize some
of these people here are
these clip art people. Those
are real people. Is there
a nimble pros? People is
Brendan, Caitlin, Scott and Craig,
a real photo shoot that,
that they do. So these
photos you made a lot
of these are most of
them. Well, I mean personally,
but The nipple froze gene,
mostly our designers, Caitlin and
Craig that you see there,
they did the graphics for
the calendar. Yeah. There's I
think one or two are
stock photos. Like the iceberg
is a, is a stock
photo that we licensed, but
most of the other ones
are, are ones that they
actually did all the photography
for. Yeah. When I, when
I first saw it, I
said to myself, I want
a clever idea. I wonder
if he just did this
whole thing with, with Google
images, but if you go
through it, these are really
very high quality, very tailored,
thoughtful images. They, it looks
like a, like a motivational
calendar that you'd see it's
got the same style, but
the photography is really is
really high quality. So in
this, in this death, this
is death March. We've all
been on a death March.
I actually did. I did
a show with Rob Connery
about the death March on,
on this developer's life. We've
all been on those. Yeah.
And it's certainly an anti-pattern
because I mean, a lot
of times there's not a
whole lot, the team can
do about it, but you
know, management just needs to
recognize that, you know, this
is, if this project is
going to fail, you know,
just working harder, isn't going
to turn it around and,
or adding more hours, isn't
going to turn it around.
There's that, there's always that
joke that if you, if
you want to make sure
that a project will fail
and become a death March,
it just add more people.
And I remember them S
what's the old saying that
a management seems to think
that a nine women can
have a baby in a
month. Maybe you start feeling
like that. You know that
you're in trouble and you're
on a death March right
now, this, this one photograph
on the next month called
copy folder. Versioning is really
a beautiful photograph of some,
some kind of vanilla folders
file folders, all in a
drawer where the person has
got my project version five
on this day in my
project version 1.2, we've all
done that before, you know,
just sip it up and
rename the folder and that's
source control. And inevitably people
will do that well into
the development of their company
before they eventually switch over
to an actual software versioning
system. Yeah. I've seen clients
that this is still how
they manage projects and, you
know, it's just scary cause
it doesn't scale at all.
And even for one person,
it's often really hard to
figure out where the latest
version is, or, you know,
the branch where you were
playing with this particular experiment
and the source control software
is it's so readily available
and so good these days,
especially with a lot of
the distributed ones that you
can just run everything on
your local machine. I there's
just not too much of
an excuse anymore, not to
use a real source control
system. Why is this so
common? I mean, the thing
that's so funny about anti-patterns
is that we've all seen
them before and that's awful
because they're anti-patterns, but you
know, copy folder versioning. We're
seeing it companies where, you
know, when you're sitting down
with, with engineers and teaching
them source control for the
first time, why is that
where they never taught source
control or that they never
had a mentor or are
people not using source control
in college? Well, I think
they are using it in
college today. And I think
this might just be a,
a matter of how long
they've been in the industry
versus, you know, when they
first got in. Cause I
mean, 20 years ago, source
control, certainly wasn't ubiquitous and
you know, 10 years ago
there were not as many
good options as there are
today. So I think I,
or I hope anyway that
anybody coming out of college
today knows what source control
is and has used it.
And hopefully they recognize the
value of it. But I
think there's, there's certainly folks
that have been around for
a long time or, or
maybe they came up through
another path. I never went
to a actual, you know,
topside degree, but you know,
maybe they got a different
degree or they came up
through just through business or
whatever. And you know, a
lot of developers don't come
through academics. And, you know,
if you came from writing
Excel, macros or SharePoint scripts
or something, the idea of
storing that in some kind
of source code repository, and
they never have entered into
your thoughts. And it's important
that we treat folks like
that with kindness, you don't
want to make a, a
new person or an old
new person for lack of
a better way of phrasing.
It feel bad because they
just may never have been,
you know, maybe been made
familiar about these particular techniques.
So while an anti-pattern might
be funny and something, we
can kind of point out
and say, wow, that is,
that is awful. I'm sure
no one does that. Instead
we should have a more
kind of open attitude of
like, yeah, these are anti
patterns. And when you see
them, let's educate people and
let them know that this
is not okay, but show
them the light in a,
in a, in a kind
way that doesn't turn them
off for the entire industry.
Right. Exactly. And, and, and
like you said, these are
the things that we've all
done, even, even professional developers.
I mean, it's still something
that when I'm going to
deploy something to production and
I'm just, you know, I
have a little bit of
uncertainty about whether or not
everything's going to work just
right. I'll take a copy
of the bin folder or
a copy of the website
and just control C control
V. And now I know
I can roll back easily
if I screw something up,
you know, I think that
should be a feature of
the operating system. Yeah. In
fact it is. Yeah. But
I think you bring up
a really good point that
they are anti-patterns that we
have all done, you know,
everyone, Michael feathers or uncle
Bob or bill Gates, or
whoever's Steve jobs, a copy
folder once instead of using
Schwartz control. Although I don't
think he wrote that much
code, but the point is
no one gets to look
at a list like this
and say, yes, I'm above
all of those. I've never
done those things. Even the
best of us has done
every single one of these,
which brings us to a
year next month, which is
a wonderful one, the duct
tape coder. I'm not sure
it is duct tape. Do
you see T is that
something that is a universal
thing? Is there duct tape
everywhere in the world? I
don't know. That's a good
question. Good question for your
readers to tell us about
it. They're not sure what
it is. I know it's
pretty universal in North America,
at least, although oddly enough,
I understand it's not very
good at actually taping up
the talks I've been, even
though that's what it's called.
If you work in a,
you know, the HVAC industry
I've heard, and maybe this
is a myth that duct
tape is actually really poor
at holding together ducts. So,
Wow. That's funny. I did
not even realize that. I
think I'm looking here at
the, the I can has
Cheezburger site and I believe
they have a website that's
called there. I fixed it.
There it is. It's it's.
I just go and search
for there. I fixed it.
And it's there. I fixed
the.fail blog.com and it's effectively
actual pictures of people using
duct tape to, to fix
things like they used it
to fix mud flaps on
the moon Lander or a
banister on stairs. And just
some unbelievable hacks. It's kind
of like the daily WTF
for real people. So you
can find instances of this
in the real world, certainly
where people are taping doors
onto cars, but what are
some examples of doing this
in software where you've just
taped something together that shouldn't
never have been done that
way? Well, a lot of
times in software, we are
given a, a feature or
a bug that we need
to implement or fix. And
we immediately see, like, I
can fix this in this
spot and, and I could
be done. Right. But you
just feel dirty about it
because you know that, you
know, you're, you're putting the
design of the code in
some way, you know, maybe
you just added a simple
if check to something that,
you know, maybe you needed
to also add that if
check three of their places,
but nobody's reported those bugs
yet. So you don't bother
or you hard code something
that, you know, should really
be in the config file
or, or you copy something
and paste it somewhere else,
which we'll talk about as
another anti-pattern and, and that
fixes it, but now you've
got duplication, but you're in
a hurry. So you don't
fix it right then. So
a lot of the time
it's, you know, doing stuff
that's expedient and results in
working software and the client
doesn't necessarily see it, right?
This is like, you know,
if you don't pull up
the hood of the engine,
you don't see that it's
all held together with duct
tape and bailing wire because
the car is still running
and depending on what it
is, you're building you. And
that can be just fine.
You know, if you're in
a situation where you're, you
know, you're trying to get
a prototype out the door
for a conference, or you're
a startup, and you've got,
you know, just so much
funding to go, and you've
got to have something out
there in a certain timeframe,
then you probably don't need
to worry too much about
the technical debt that you're
creating. But if you're building
software to last and that
you're going to maintain for
a long time, it's better
typically to, to build it
the right way as you
go so that it doesn't
become a big ball of
mud and fall over under
its own weight. Exactly. And
of course, The dangerous thing
about duct tape coding is
that it looks like it
works. So you're not going
to look under the hood
or you're not going to
poke around. And when it
does eventually break, it inevitably
breaks in a spectacular way.
Yeah. Or a very hard
to find a way, which
is the same thing in
our industry. Yeah. Even worse
anymore. Feature creep. This is
a risk is a really
great one. You've got a,
a tricycle and it's got
a GPS on it and
it's got a trailer hitch
and an umbrella. This looks
exactly like software that I
have created before. I love
the GPS. That's very nicely
bolted onto the tricycle here.
The children's tiny bicycle. Yeah.
It's got a trailer hitch
and a water bottle and
a dog that's, they, they
added as many things as
they could to this, this
truck. And then the tagline
is just one more feature.
And then it's done. And,
you know, adding, adding features
and feature creep is often
something that causes delays in
shipping and delays in shipping,
or are a key form
of waste in software development.
You know, if you, if
you read some of the
lean software development books by
Mary Poppins and others in
that space, you know, the
thing you want to do
is ship the software as
quickly as you can. And
feature creep just keeps you
from doing that. So When
though is feature, I mean,
is feature creep preventing you
from shipping and iteration and,
and how do you, I
mean, if you're want to
be agile and you want
to react to customer needs,
you're going to be adding
features here and there. So
if you look at particularly
like software as a service
and websites as a service,
they're always adding something each
month, how is that different
from feature creep? Well, I'll
see there, if they're adding
something each month there they're
still shipping at a regular
cadence. It's when the feature
creep results in either shipping
schedule overruns or costs, overruns
that it becomes a problem.
And an anti-pattern, you know,
if you've committed that you're
going to ship every month
and then someone says, Oh,
no, but it has to
have this feature. That's a
favorite of mine. And there's
no way that can happen
without either pushing back your
release date or doubling the
size of your dev team.
Well, then that's an example
of a feature creepy and
a problem, right? The better
solution probably is to cut
some feature, ship the thing,
and then let the next
feature go into the next
month release. Right. I see.
All right. That makes sense.
Yeah. Simply simply adding a
feature is not feature creep,
but letting the direction of
the company and the cadence
at which you're shipping be
effected by feet. You know,
features being added at the
last minute is the adding
pattern. And you talk about,
you're talking about waterfall. We
talk about copy paste programming.
There's a great one on
spaghetti code. The one that
I like the best though,
that kind of smacked me
in the face towards the
end is the calendar coder
blindly following tips from calendars
as a best practice. That
was brilliant. That one is
sort of a take on
the cargo cult programmer, which
is, or just, you know,
cargo called programming. The idea
of there being, you know,
you're just following the example
that you heard because you
know, someone on Twitter said
it or, or somebody's blog
that your sex said it.
And just, you know, the,
the general idea there, the
reason why that's an anti-pattern
is you just really want
to understand the concept before
you blindly implemented. Yeah, actually,
it's funny. I put in
disclaimers on my blog every
once in a while, when
I do things where I
know that someone is going
to copy paste it and
take it as gospel, and
I'll put in these silly
disclaimers to make it really,
really clear, you know, you
got this on the internet,
like you didn't, you didn't
come here. Cause I know
anything you came here because
Google sent you here. And
that does not mean that
this is the right, the
right solution or the right
place. So this, this solution
might, you know, might kill
your entire software development team
and don't come crying to
me when it actually does
happen. Right? Yeah. I've seen
your disclaimers. They're often a
lot of fun to read.
No, I actually, I wrote
a blog, a blog post
on cargo cult programming, gosh,
I want to say seven
or eight years ago. And
as I remember the idea
of this term cargo cult
was that during world war
II, there would be these
airstrips on all the islands
in the Pacific ocean. And
then when the war was
over and all the Americans
went home that the, the,
the natives that were on
the islands where these airships
were, would basically dress up
as ground traffic controllers, get
sticks and wave those sticks.
And which seems like a
totally reasonable thing to do.
They're standing on a, you
know, they shot the Americans
and the sitting on a,
with these sticks waving, and
then airplanes would come in
and drop cargo. I mean,
a supplies would appear. So
they were misunderstanding the cause
and effect. And I think
that that applies to, you
know, blogs and, and copy
pasting software from around or
falling tips from a calendar.
The idea that, well, if
I just start copying software
from Steve Smith, he's a
smart guy. That's going to
make my software really, really
awesome software. Right? Yeah, exactly.
And there's, there's a great
Wikipedia thing on cargo. Call
that a toxic exactly about
what you're, what you're mentioning.
And that's, that's the thing
with, with software development or
in any industry I'm sure
is blindly implementing things that
you think are, are good
practices or that somebody else
is telling you, Hey, these
are best practices. You should
be doing them, you know,
without doing the research to
really understand why they work
is, is a, an anti-pattern,
you know, it's a recipe
for disaster. Yes, definitely. Like
I know, I remember we're
learning all of the, the
uncle Bob solid principles, implementing
those solid principles and making
sure that my application is
in kind of quote, unquote
compliance with them without really
understanding why I would do
that is, is an extremely
dangerous thing to do. Blindly
doing anything is, is always
a problem. Yes. So folks
can get the, the calendar,
the 2012 software craftsmanship, motivational
calendar they can get at
nimble pros. And I M
B L E pros.com/calendar. And
that'll take you to the
right site, but Steve's got
a really cool deal for
us here. If you guys
tweet first, first five people
who tweet at nimble pros
with the hashtag Hansel minutes,
we'll get a, a free
software craftsmanship, motivational calendar. So
this is we're at now
30 minutes and 12 seconds
into the podcast, Steve, for
the five people who make
it this far into the
weekly show, they will be
very happy because they're going
to get a free motivational
calendar. And I appreciate that
from you. Oh, no problem.
Appreciate you taking the time
to talk to me about
this today. And hopefully we'll
be able to get through
the rest of the calendar
and the time that we
have, I'm afraid the time
is over Three minutes and
that was all the time
we've got Calendar code or
my friend. All right, well,
that's fine. We'll let the
month's in 30 minutes. What
about the folks pick up
the last few months that
we didn't cover when they,
when they get the calendar
themselves? Exactly. So they can
get that a nimble pros.com/calendar,
or they can tweet at
nimble pros with the hashtag
Hansel minutes. And the first
five people that Steve sees
will get a copy of
the calendar. And this has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.